Fixes #1269: Document apoc.convert.toTree (#2036)
neo4j-contrib/neo4j-apoc-procedures: docs/asciidoc/modules/ROOT/partials/usage/apoc.convert.toTree.adoc

   "_id":42
}
----
|===

> On the other hand, we can also include all nodes/rels exlcuding excluding some of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, we can also include everything and specify certain nodes/relationships to exclude.
```
